hello youtube gives us rubin mexico good
today I received a package of
highly anticipated lubricant and I'm also going to
do review of the new way long I think that
let's start with the ubric before this
I ordered the lubricant
a friend a fan of guadalajara rice
arturo weasley for mexico
because the truth was already dry was hung
bright then I asked him were 200
cc here are the lubricant bottles
well this lubricant is very
similar to the unics in fact I feel that it is
better than the beats of that speed
to the juices that sociologists give us
I applied it in a syringe of Lewis
I just filled out why that looks
the only thing that I did not like but good
It does not bother me so much, it's not that it leaves them
like a sticky sound like that
yes they were purposes
but I think it's not going to party but yes
good only apply if they reach
buy it the truth I recommend them
much more than the noise is like if your
husband then I think that's why
that leaves you as well as sound so
policies
sounds but it's the review let's talk
of the
Williams is the second cube that we
we mark that they send us today or that we
give me or me of dj lopera and union john
young had another very good cube that
5 x 5 before that example draw
he went for the cubes good with stickers
does not have a set
perhaps
the orange is a very colorful orange
now it saves this interesting
and pos had another bigger logo of will
id
the lubricant
will be
let's see speed is much more
Quick
wang jing if it 's faster than juaning
it's faster to be guys faster
what fancy and faster than fancy sound
so
I do not recommend this game to Cuberos
very novices exist within 40 30
I still do not recommend it to them
I recommend one hour an hour for them
and it is very good they will like it
and then this cube that has to us
offers not take no for version game
a cut intended for 45 degrees
and it's already driving and singing that I put
either cut a little over 45 degrees
their speed is assigned and they offer us and
they offer us less noise than huang in one
remember that it is a horrible rattle
as such in these first things my
first impressions with what my
opinion about the cube cuban if it is
very well it already takes it sometimes control
and versiona by being very used to
my wine 3 that was super super fast
then I kind of kept that
feeling of speed
and I really did not know a regional
that said that Paraguay does not recommend it
to anybody, no trace, but the truth is
I like I like umbrellas and because
cut the corners with ease and
students can do one more way
fluid then paraguay if it's okay if
It is obviously advisable to
Tuberos are a minicasino machete
they will not like it because they really
he has a lot of practice
but it's not like they are 30 25 to this cube them
he liked it is the truth if he's going to
like for
h
and with your wii and wii
I leave you the link of a contact of ross
arturo wifi is nothing removes his logo me
like your logo I like harry potter
and not personal, because I like it because it is
that of the relics of death '
apart from having the three relics has
a cube in half a block what is the
Elderberry is impregnated with the
turn of faculty crossing across the
cube then it's like file
he studies us know if they have alicante
when and cheap very good very good
excellent lubricant lubricant
wikileaks I do not know how to swim the staff
say but if it is very cheap
and it's very very good reminds me a little
here I do not know whether to try all those
sensations is like that level of
viscosity but as with the speed
of the unics is maintained
and well if I fly though it's very good
I've tried that and it has not let me
even more on my mouth what I faint I want
the 4x4
weiss
so then if this guy and I like it
have the ticas to the fourth game
always to the ticos works the
seeds your tours because basically that
that's it
this lubricant how can you see are 206
and this is the ix of 86 good is lumix
stuffed with wisnik then come a
low capacity see everything I asked
so I think that
until the many
we have the calendar or nothing
of that then
it's with clock you 're going to like
and this teaches them their corners I like
I really like fans and I like it
from the guan yi none of these the
new revolution of the cubes is
carving is dying and we are staying
with a bow so thank you your people